then came the daughters of Zelophehad
the son of Haifa the son of Gilead the
son of maker the son of Manasseh from
the families of Manasseh the son of
Joseph and these were the names of his
daughters malla
Noah Hagler milker and Tessa and they
stood before Moses before Eleazar the
priest and before the leaders and all
the congregation by the doorway of the
tabernacle of meeting saying our father
died in the wilderness but he was not in
the company of those who gathered
together against the Lord in company
with Cobra but he died in his own sin
and he had no sons why should the name
of our father be removed from among his
family because he had no son
give us a possession among our fathers
brothers so Moses brought their case
before the Lord and the Lord spoke to
Moses the daughters of Zelophehad
speak what is right you shall surely
give them a possession of inheritance
among their fathers brothers and caused
the inheritance of their father to pass
to them and you shall speak to the
children of Israel saying if a man dies
and has no son
then you shall cause his inheritance to
pass to his daughter if he has no
daughter then you shall give his
inheritance to his brothers
if he has no brothers then you shall
give his inheritance to his father's
brothers and if his father has no
brothers then you shall give his
inheritance to the relative closest to
him in his family and he shall possess
it
and it shall be to the children of
Israel a statute of judgment just as the
LORD commanded Moses now the Lord said
to Moses go up into this mount averin
and see the land which I have given to
the children of Israel and when you have
seen it you also shall be gathered to
your people as Aaron your brother was
gathered for in the wilderness of zin
during the strife of the congregation
you rebelled against my command
to hallow me at the waters before their
eyes these are the waters of Meribah at
kadish in the wilderness of zin and
Moses spoke to the Lord let the Lord the
God of the spirits of all flesh
seven men over the congregation who may
go out before them and go in before them
who may lead them out and bring them in
that the congregation of the Lord may
not be like sheep which have no shepherd
take Joshua the son of nun with you a
man in whom is the spirit and lay your
hand on him set him before Eleazar the
priest and before all the congregation
and inaugurate him in their sight and
you shall give some of your authority to
him that all the congregation of the
children of Israel may be obedient he
shall stand before Eleazar the priest
who shall inquire before the Lord for
him by the judgment of the yeren at his
word they shall go out and at his word
they shall come in he and all the
children of Israel with him all the
congregation so Moses did as the LORD
commanded him
he took Joshua and set him before
Eleazar the priest and before all the
congregation and he laid his hands on
him and inaugurated him just as the LORD
commanded by the hand of Moses
you